
<h2>S2C2F SIG Meeting </h2>


<h2>“Meeting Notes” Document</h2>


Please use the [2024 Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPfzqdPb1ey5eGggU2DOwfwY0vzEAa9kWm3FieiYT90/edit?usp=sharing)

[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Code%20of%20Conduct.md)

Note: For OpenSSF, see the Linux Foundation [Antitrust policy](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/antitrust-policy/)


---


<table>
  <tr>
   <td> We keep all our docs in our <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f">GitHub Repo</a>
<p>
(This includes published papers, assessments, and other goodies)
   </td>
   <td>Hangout in the<a href="https://openssf.slack.com"> OpenSSF Slack</a>
<p>
Our channel is <a href="https://join.slack.com/share/enQtNDI2NDA1MTMwNTAyNC04OTgxODQwMTQwZGFiOTI5YjlhMDM0ODQ2Y2Q0YTZmNzc3MzJkMzU0NzAyNzBlYjczNzlmYTcyNGZiMDU1ZGQ0">#s2c2f</a> 
   </td>
   <td>Join our mailing list <a href="https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-s2c2f">https://lists.openssf.org/g/openssf-sig-s2c2f</a>  
   </td>
   <td><a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=s63voefhp5i9pfltb5q67ngpes%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angelesbed?src=eqv110d2cdrev5mf51ie7hapu4%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FLos_Angeles">S2C2F SIG Meeting</a>
<p>
We meet every 3rd Tuesday of the month 
<p>
at 
<p>
<a href="http://www.worldtimebuddy.com/event?lid=5391959%2C5128581%2C3435910&h=3435910&sts=27676980&sln=16-17&a=show">12 pm PT| 3 pm ET| 8 pm GMT</a>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>


<p>
Join our call live on 
<p>
<a href="https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/94887387732?password=6f019076-510a-4e9b-a96c-47d7966b2a36">LFX Zoom</a>
   </td>
   <td>Missed a meeting? 
<p>
No drama - YouTube TBD
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>



---

<h3>Document conventions & history</h3>




* Template for each meeting: [Link to copy meeting notes template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zJHmgJDguJy0lmLv89RwkiUwv_qucqe8cSyccnd6Ryk/edit#heading=h.xuyh3ba3raf4)
* Facilitators: Adrian Diglio, Jay White
* Notes are in reverse chronological order. Most recent meeting at the top.


[Planned Meetings](#heading=h.q3539ohya47f) </h3>


**Instructions on adding agenda items to planned meetings:**



* If you’d like to present during a Monthly meeting:
    * Submit an agenda item to [S2C2F Issues](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues)
* If you’d like to add a topic of discussion for working sessions (usually ~5mins intro discussion without screen share)
    * Add your topic to the agenda only to WORKING SESSIONS
    * Contact a facilitator to inform them of the agenda item, so they can provide feedback if necessary

<table>
<tr>
<td>
<strong>Date</strong>
</td>
<td><strong>Details</strong>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8/16/2022 - Community Meeting</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>Introductions

<li>Overview of the OSS SSC Framework
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8/29/2022 - Technical Meeting</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>First start at a reference implementation for a GitHub project
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>9/20/2022 - Community Meeting</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>Review and triage Issues
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>9/26/2022 - Technical Meeting</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>GitLab recommended implementation
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>10/18/2022</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li><strong>Initial S2C2F SIG Meeting</strong>
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>11/1/2022</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>Blog post

<li>Positioning with SLSA, FRSCA, GUAC, Supply Chain Mat. Mod., etc.

<li>Specification meeting breakout

<li>Repo updates
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>11/15/2022</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>Review of Upcoming Blog Post

<li>Share update to reference implementation directory
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>12/13/2022</strong>
</td>
<td>
<ul>

<li>Review Strategy for S2C2F within the OpenSSF

<li>Request for a S2C2F Goose icon that looks like R2D2	
</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>1/31/2023</strong>
</td>
<li>RSA Presentation on S2C2Fon Strategy for S2C2F
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>2/14/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Looking for contributors!
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>2/28/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
Sharing S2C2F was discussed in the opensourcesecurity podcast <a href="https://opensourcesecurity.io/2023/02/19/episode-363-joylynn-kirui-from-microsoft-on-devsecops/">Episode 363 – Joylynn Kirui from Microsoft on DevSecOps – Open Source Security</a>
<p>

- Inclusion of S2C2F in the SKF??
<p>

- Inclusion of S2C2F OSS patching tools into the Security Tooling WG Guide (Sarah Evans)
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>3/14/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Sharing draft SKF Course Outline for S2C2F
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>3/28/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Approval to add a new category of tools to the Guide to Security Tools. Just need to submit PR
<p>

- RSA slides complete
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>4/11/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Review Issues, discuss potential new requirement
<p>

- Explanatory report
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>5/9/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Looking for contributors for other CI/CD environments! <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/tree/main/Reference_implementation">s2c2f/Reference_implementation at main · ossf/s2c2f · GitHub</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>6/6/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Melba Lopez (IBM) provided feedback on the S2C2F guide
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>6/20/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/14">Crosswalk with SLSA · Issue #14 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)</a>
<p>

- Creation of an FAQ section in the repo? 
<p>

- Best way to keep repo organized when adding addendums or supplemental materials (such as a C/C++ specific guide)?
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>7/18/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Addressing Issues in the Repo
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8/1/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Upcoming Hackathon project to develop an OSCAL schema and possibly a tool
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8/15/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Address questions about SCA-3, UPD-3, and ENF-1 from Gergely
<p>

- OSCAL overview for Hackathon
<p>

- <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17">Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)</a>
<p>

- <a href="https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d">Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>8/29/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Upcoming Hackathon - Apache license
<p>

- FAQ updated per last conversation
<p>

- <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17">Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)</a>
<p>

- <a href="https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d">Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>9/12/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Update of S2C2F OSCAL hackathon progress
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>9/26/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- <a href="https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17">Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)</a>
<p>

- <a href="https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d">Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium</a>
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>10/10/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Security Toolbelt presentation
<p>

- Security Tooling working group, and tools for S2C2F
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>10/24/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
- Anything to talk about S2C2F and MITRE ATT&CK? 
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>11/7/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
-Spreading awareness: Cloudsmith
<p>

-GitHub Issues
<p>

-From Sarah: S2C2F and MITRE ATT&CK
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>12/5/2023</strong>
</td>
<td>
-S2C2F PAS update
<p>

-webinar and CloudSmith blog 
</td>
</tr>
</table>


<h3>Proposed Topics for Future Meetings</h3>


Proposed Agenda Items (anyone can propose one here for small-ish items or to discuss with the group when to schedule, and we’ll add to meetings on-the-fly as time permits)

[Link to copy meeting notes template (instead of scrolling to the bottom)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zJHmgJDguJy0lmLv89RwkiUwv_qucqe8cSyccnd6Ryk/edit#heading=h.xuyh3ba3raf4)

Facilitator intro script (to be recited at the beginning of each meeting):

_“ Hello everyone, just a reminder that this meeting is being recorded, and we hope to post to YouTube in the near future. Your participation in these meetings is an agreement to abide by the Code of Conduct, which can be found in the repo. I need at least one person to volunteer as scribe to ensure all actions and primary content discussed is recorded in the written notes and may be referred to later. Who is willing?  Please remember to include your organization/company along with the update.”_

<h2>**2024-1-16 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Patricia Tarro
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Brian Crooks
   </td>
   <td>Datalytica
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* Amanda Martin (30+min late)

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* 

Agenda:



* Charter to switch to [Project Status](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tXOhQ0GJGnh2hbioOFgMs2Fkk-2d5VTNAM_fPJssvwY/edit) - Please check and comment to change blue highlight as that was filled in by Amanda and was just a guess, and knows it is not good.
    * Vote to Approve all yellow and white words
    * Vote to Approve with modifications via listed in comments of doc. This might (or might not) require another vote here at a later date after LF legal reviews the comments.
    * Vote to Deny the Charter
* Other topics?

<h2>**2024-01-02  S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Yes
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Yes
   </td>
   <td>Patricia Tarro
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>
   </td>
   <td>Brian Crooks
   </td>
   <td>Datalytica
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Yes
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* 

Scribe(s): 



* 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 
* Also looking for tool contributions to [ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool: Secure Supply Chain Consumption Framework (S2C2F) OSCAL Catalog and tool (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool)

Agenda:



* 

<h2>**2023-12-5 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Patricia Tarro
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Brian Crooks
   </td>
   <td>Datalytica
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 
* Also looking for tool contributions to [ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool: Secure Supply Chain Consumption Framework (S2C2F) OSCAL Catalog and tool (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool)

Agenda:



* Update on S2C2F Publicly Available Specification (PAS) process
    * Looking into ISO Standardization
        * Potential paths: leveraging Linux Foundation’s JDF. Another avenue is through the Oasis Open
        * Doing an Explanatory Report to enter the PAS process
    * Feedback: For Europe, international standardization is important
    * Feedback: From Gov perspective, choosing software usually comes with requirements associated around meeting a certain Standard, so standardizing this is a great step forward
* Others in the industry spreading S2C2F awareness [Mastering Open Source Security: Your Guide to S2C2F | Cloudsmith](https://cloudsmith.com/blog/mastering-open-source-security-your-guide-to-s2c2f)
* NSA Enduring Security Framework (ESF) update [Enduring Security Framework ESF (nsa.gov)](https://www.nsa.gov/About/Cybersecurity-Collaboration-Center/Enduring-Security-Framework/)
* Potential to publish S2C2F in spanish
    * Victor: speak Mandarin/Chinese, and willing to translate
* CFP for Linux Foundation Open Source Summit, April 16-18 in Seattle, WA 
    * [Call For Proposals (CFP) | LF Events (linuxfoundation.org)](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-source-summit-north-america/program/cfp/?utm_campaign=Open%20Source%20Summit%20North%20America%202024&utm_medium=email&_hsmi=285211074&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8lTdPxZSK0GPAJ5eFnpxcmTzoaDspYmiZvCLlaxJ6_Y5THqMW-DU-zLM_UBlIiVcMzTsCFUd0m9jZbjxONLvhMFyv47g&utm_content=285211074&utm_source=hs_email)
* Other topics?
    * OpenSSF Minimum Viable Product? Possible overlap with S2C2F? Ensure that S2C2F is included in this. Requires follow up with Dana Wang. This is a brand new effort.

<h2>**2023-11-7 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jasmine Wang
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 
* Also looking for tool contributions to [ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool: Secure Supply Chain Consumption Framework (S2C2F) OSCAL Catalog and tool (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool)

Agenda:



* Tom Bedford (Bloomberg) shared that they are evaluating many different frameworks for internal adoption, and S2C2F is one of the big ones
    * Mostly in Financial services industry, lot of regulations globally. Good record of managing financial regulations that come in quite frequently. Trend they are seeing is they are starting to be more technically versed. Software supply chain is what’s on their mind.
    * Digital Operations Resilience Act (DORA) in Europe (won’t be final till June 2024, and won’t be implemented till Jan 2025). [https://www.digital-operational-resilience-act.com](https://www.digital-operational-resilience-act.com) 
        * Was concern that DORA might end up like CRA, but they did make this more clear. Originally CRA described all software as software (to include open source) and they are listening to feedback and making changes.
    * SSDF from NIST to provide products and services to Federal agencies
    * Goal: want to adopt frameworks that map to the regulations.
    * Sent out a Call to Action to various Risk Management teams of Framework’s they’ve observed of what would help their requirements.
    * SLSA helps provide measuring maturity
    * FFIEC have IT handbooks (one for architecture and operations, specifically for Financial Institutions). How to identify security issues, how to remediate them, etc.
    * Most granular, and least ambiguous, is S2C2F, which provides real life examples. Love the maturity levels, so they can establish a baseline and build on it over time. S2C2F has so far been one of the more useful frameworks that they can adopt at scale everywhere.
        * It helps describe things in a consistent way to non-technical folks, and has proven extremely useful. 
    * “The existence of S2C2F has made what would have been a headache for my role, much simpler”
* Spreading awareness: Cloudsmith [The Dangers Lurking in Open Source Software (cloudsmith.com)](https://cloudsmith.com/blog/the-dangers-lurking-in-open-source-software/)
* Question: Anything to talk about S2C2F and MITRE ATT&CK? 
    * Question is inspired in the Security Toolbelt working group. Can we look for tooling to close gaps. Wanted to align the Security Toolbelt with how Enterprise talk about security. Talked about OSPO mapping??? And NIST SP 800-53. As soon as you talk to people outside of product/application security, they are focused on network security, identity and access management, encryption, etc. 
    * Can S2C2F map to a broader security topic? Is this an opportunity to help participate? 
    * S2C2F is great at talking through all the different scenarios, but the missing piece is connecting it to a Security Persona. 
    * Don’t need to map to MITRE ATT&CK.
    * Idea: Anyone that’s an expert in a specific area (e.g. Identity), they should lend their expertise toward securing Open Source (similar to how PyPI adopted MFA). Need a way to tell this story
    * How can we make security easier? Where are the gaps? And can we do it in a respectable way to Open Source maintainers. Can we incentivize things? 
* GitHub Issues [Issues · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues)
* 

<h2>**2023-10-10 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Patricia Tarro
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Security Toolbelt Presentation
* [daniel:// stenberg://: "The next #curl release will sh…" - Mastodon](https://mastodon.social/@bagder/111167662713737288) CURL vulnerability announced 9 days before a patch is available. This violates the confidential disclosure procedures.
* Also the [https://www.sonatype.com/hubfs/9th-Annual-SSSC-Report.pdf](https://www.sonatype.com/hubfs/9th-Annual-SSSC-Report.pdf) report came out, with 245,000 malicious OSS discovered last year.
* Question: Anything to talk about S2C2F and MITRE ATT&CK? 

<h2>**2023-09-12 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Patricia Tarro
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Completed creating S2C2F requirements as an OSCAL Catalog in JSON [S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool/oscal_json/s2c2f_oscal_catalog_1.6.json at main · ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool/blob/main/oscal_json/s2c2f_oscal_catalog_1.6.json)
* - [Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17)
* - [Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium](https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d)
* [Lazarus Group Launches First Open Source Supply Chain Attacks Targeting Crypto Sector | by Yehuda Gelb | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium](https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/lazarus-group-launches-first-open-source-supply-chain-attacks-targeting-crypto-sector-cabc626e404e)

<h2>**2023-09-12 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Nisha Kumar
   </td>
   <td>Oracle
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>x
   </td>
   <td>Andres Orbe
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Hackathon update [https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool/tree/main](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool/tree/main) 
    * MIT License used
* GUAC

<h2>**2023-08-29 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jasmine Wang
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tabatha DiDomenico
   </td>
   <td>G-Research
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Aeva Black
   </td>
   <td>CISA
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Eddie Knight
   </td>
   <td>Sonatype
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Colin Griffin
   </td>
   <td>Krumware
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* FAQ Updated: [New FAQs from 2023-08-15 by jasminewang0 · Pull Request #29 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/pull/29)
    * Is there a standard way to flag that there are gaps in tooling, there are WIP in tooling, or that we are putting forward suggestions in tooling?
* More info about participating in Hackathon: [ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool: Secure Supply Chain Consumption Framework (S2C2F) attestation schema and tool (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/S2C2F-attestation-schema-and-tool) repo has Apache license
* Issue re-review: [Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17)
    * The threat here is “maintainer-squatting”
    * Discussed the sustainability of adding new requirements… it would cause lots of scope creep over time
    * Suggest a way to establish trust helps with scope creep. Helps make security stronger for an enterprise.
    * Not all were concerned about scope creep, but do believe that this is a high bar, and not many organizations will be able to meet it. Large development groups such as LF, Eclipse Foundation, and others meet that bar. 
        * Is there a way to call out “Nice to Haves” within the S2C2F?
        * Maintainer squatting, or hypocrite commits. Can potentially correlate that identity across multiple projects/repos. 
        * github.com/mitre/hipcheck - helps with known-compromise key correlation
    * When receiving packages from someone you trust, developers sometimes default to expecting that the package is free of malice and free of defects. 
    * Sometimes packages will swap hands, maintainers swap over. And when this happens, sometimes not a whole lot of due diligence is done, and the new maintainer may have malicious intent, and abuse their new role as maintainer of this well established package. What are the indicators that are important to look at that are indicators of explicit trust?
    * What is my risk appetite? If I pull something from RedHat, I have more trust that RedHat won’t do anything malicious. 
        * What logic the package performs also lends to its criticality, and what level of scrutiny you put on packages. 
* New threat review: [Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium](https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d)

<h2>**2023-08-15 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td><strong>Present?</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Name</strong>
   </td>
   <td><strong>Organization</strong>
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Nisha Kumar
   </td>
   <td>Oracle
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Questions about S2C2F controls from Gergely Csatari:
    * Is [SCA-3](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/framework.md?plain=1#L315) only about the end of life of an open source project or it is also about the end of support of a branch in the project used by a product?
    * [UPD-3](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/framework.md?plain=1#L322) is not really clear. Is the requirement to add a reference to the known vulnerabilities in the PR-s intending to fix these vulnerabilities? I do not think that the pre-requisite is valid. Even if there is only one review-er of the pr, they can have concerns about vulnerabilities.
    * [ENF-1](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/framework.md?plain=1#L327) would need some more generic example, than a NuGet one. Is this about properly configuring the allowed repos into package managers?
        * **ACTION ITEM**: Update FAQ with answers to these 3 questions, and try to update the requirement text appropriately to ensure readers understand the intent of the requirement
        * Example Text from Sarah for UPD-3: Prevents vulnerabilities from being unknowingly introduced earlier in the DevOps lifecycle through education/hygiene and peer review when developers are introducing new dependencies at pull request time
        * Example text from Sarah for ENF-1: By using either a single upstream feed, or a package source mapping (e.g. Nuget)…...
* 
* Issue re-review: [Review JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today · Issue #17 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17)
* New threat review: [Popular NuGet Package “Moq” Silently Exfiltrates User Data to Cloud Service | by Jossef Harush Kadouri | checkmarx-security | Aug, 2023 | Medium](https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/popular-nuget-package-moq-silently-exfiltrates-user-data-to-cloud-service-d1888867406d)

<h2>**2023-08-1 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Present?
   </td>
   <td>Name
   </td>
   <td>Organization
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jasmine Wang
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>Linux Foundation
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Victor Lu
   </td>
   <td>independent
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jasmine Wang

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New attendees
* Hackathon project Week of Sept 11 to develop a schema in OSCAL to generate an attestation file and potentially a tool that can output them
    * This aligns with S2C2F Strategy [Strategy for S2C2F within the OpenSSF - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Cp7TOVx7hWwxKGebWWPn4sGVIIbYSwR0-mWdwBO45po/edit#heading=h.y37mdlsrg0tq) of Driving Tooling Innovation, and would also help us achieve Adoption, by giving us a way to potentially measure adoption in the future.
* OSCAL format is from NIST and used by the Government
    * Was first introduced to us by a community member prior to S2C2F being contributed to OpenSSF [OSCAL Support · Issue #8 · microsoft/oss-ssc-framework (github.com)](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/issues/8)
* Will create a new OpenSSF repo, so this POC/prototype will be created within the OpenSSF, and will be OpenSSF IP from the start
    * Discussion of building a tool as part of a Corporation and contributing it to the OpenSSF vs. having a OpenSSF repo (where’s the motivation to contribute?)
        * Idea: Should have a place to recognize Corporations that have contributed
* This Hackathon is a great opportunity to go present to the End Users WG. Also get devs from GUAC to provide input into how GUAC could better ingest an S2C2F attestation
* Write a Guest Blog: Call for people that might be interested in this Hackathon. 
    * [Blog Guidelines - Open Source Security Foundation (openssf.org)](https://openssf.org/community/blog-guidelines/)

<h2>**2023-07-18 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Present?
   </td>
   <td>Name
   </td>
   <td>Organization
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jasmine Wang
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>Linux Foundation
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Melba-Lopez
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Mike Lieberman
   </td>
   <td>Kusari
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Sarah Evans
   </td>
   <td>Dell
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Josh Clements
   </td>
   <td>ADI
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jasmine Wang

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Addressing repo Issues 
    * [What is the difference between SCA-5 and FIX-1? · Issue #12 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/12)
    * [Crosswalk with SLSA · Issue #14 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/14)
    * [Crosswalk with "Taxonomy of Attacks on OSS Supply Chains" by Ladisa et al · Issue #15 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/15)
    * [The phpMyAdmin example seems misclassified. · Issue #16 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/16)
    * [Review marked-up review from Melba Lopez · Issue #22 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/22)
* Review crosswalk of threats with Taxonomy 
* Sterling Toolbelt (Security toolbox) - diagramming different OSS projects
    * S2C2F is there under Secure Ingestion
    * Going to do a threat model around OSS. End Users working group has already started this, but there’s an opportunity to plug into the threat model
        * Across the OpenSSF, there are teams working on some sort of supply chain topic, and would be great for us to tie them together
* End of Life/ Out of Support - GitHub can mark a repo as Archived. But this doesn’t handle the case for 1.X is out of Support, but 1.9 isn’t
    * TUF
    * In-Toto - structured signed attestations. Could they produce an attestation that something is end-of-life
* GUAC would love to support S2C2F to ingest the metadata needed. 
* Trying to come up with an overall merge-set of use cases across all OpenSSF, and come back to identify what projects are working

<h2>**2023-06-20 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>



<table>
  <tr>
   <td>Present?
   </td>
   <td>Name
   </td>
   <td>Organization
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jay White
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Jasmine Wang
   </td>
   <td>Microsoft
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>David A. Wheeler
   </td>
   <td>Linux Foundation
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Melba-Lopez
   </td>
   <td>IBM
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Tom Bedford
   </td>
   <td>Bloomberg LP
   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>X
   </td>
   <td>Adrian Diglio
   </td>
   <td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New Friends!
* Chris Hughes & Alan Friedmann included `7 pages about S2C2F in their book!
    * [https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Software+Transparency%3A+Supply+Chain+Security+in+an+Era+of+a+Software+Driven+Society-p-9781394158492](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Software+Transparency%3A+Supply+Chain+Security+in+an+Era+of+a+Software+Driven+Society-p-9781394158492) - in chapter 7, “existing and emerging commercial guidance”
* - [Crosswalk with SLSA · Issue #14 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/14)
    * Great touch-point of SLSA 1.0 requiring people to generate and distribute provenance, and S2C2F AUD-1 requirement asking to validate OSS provenance.
    * Remarkably, the 2 overlaps in SLSA have been removed in SLSA verison 1.0. There appears to be no direct overlaps. We probably should look for ways to S2C2F to ingest information from SLSA.
* - Creation of an FAQ section in the repo? 
    * Problem is there are so many ways it can be done, we could spend forever analyzing the options
    * If creating a simple markdown page that does the job, let’s stick with simple
    * Proposed the “Simplest Possible Process” (SPP) to TAC: [https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/176](https://github.com/ossf/tac/issues/176)
    * Best Practices WG is using SPP, the question is whether or not we want to emulate that elsewhere. Example: [https://best.openssf.org/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software](https://best.openssf.org/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software)
    * Example to replicate if we like it: [Concise Guide for Developing More Secure Software | OpenSSF Best Practices Working Group](https://best.openssf.org/Concise-Guide-for-Developing-More-Secure-Software)
* - Best way to keep repo organized when adding addendums or supplemental materials (such as a C/C++ specific guide)?
    * Is there an example where you’re stuck in S2C2F with C/C++?
    * pURLs could be used, but you have to use its options for general URLs
    * There are probably nuances here.
    * You could identify with a cryptographic hash
    * They use VCPKG tool for consuming C/C++. They maintain a list of recipes on how to build those components. Every time you use the tool, it grabs the source you need & brings that into your system. Need to cache the software locally. With hjhjkVCPKG they could point to their internal clone.
        * Left-pad was literally removed. Npm has changed their policy, after X days they won’t delete (unless legally required), which reduces the risks from “loss of package”
        * Best to BOTH reduce likelihood of problems upstream AND for larger organizations to have local caches to prevent loss of access
* Melba presentation
    * Issue: Tampered “after build but before consumption” - maybe there’s a small overlap with SLSA? There’s a small gap between SLSA & S2C2F, need to make sure there’s a “handshake”
* Fun Fact: S2C2F has a 6-7 page review in [Software Transparency: Supply Chain Security in an Era of a Software-Driven Society | Wiley](https://www.wiley.com/en-us/Software+Transparency%3A+Supply+Chain+Security+in+an+Era+of+a+Software+Driven+Society-p-9781394158492)
* *if we have time* S2C2F Feedback part 2 (melba)

<h2>**2023-06-06 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Victor Lu (Independent)
* Yoad Fekete (BlindSpot Security)
* Melba Lopez (IBM)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* David A. Wheeler (please help!)

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New Friends!
* Worked out binary patch issue [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/13](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/13)
    * Problem: binary diffs might produce different result than “full” download. This risks mysterious failures/problems.
    * One solution: Run a test to verify that you can reconstitute the full version. Not all clients need to do it, you just need to test it.
* Melba read out (Redlined everything)
    * Need a “handshake” between SLSA & S2C2F
    * What if package stops being available?
        * Some repos have a policy of not allowing packages to be removed after some time (e.g., npm, to prevent a recurrence of the left-pad problem). Could prefer using repos with such policies, could encourage repo systems to implement such policies
        * End-of-life: It’s important that this be *mechanically* detectable. Perhaps encourage projects to follow some process. E.g., GitHub has “archived” mechanism, I think GitLab does too.
            * “2-line packages” are really common in npm/JavaScript.Around half of all npm packages have 0 or 1 function. That’s unique to npm, other ecosystems aren’t like that.
        * What should we do with less common packages?
            * When a security fix sent, project may reject or not reply
            * Trying to fork it all seems inappropriate
            * Need to find a better way
            * It’ll take time to go through it all.
            * “Don’t ignore security vulnerability fixes!!” - we see this often as a big problem. Often crickets or won’t implement it.
            * One solution: Fork the non-responsive project.
            * Another solution: Get major users (dependors) to switch
        * Vulnerability not fixed by upstream maintainer in desired timeframe
        * Admin of repo have huge number of powers. You can uncheck box to change processes, etc.
            * How do you check if admins are making process exceptions?
            * Can’t catch without logging.
            * Issue: is admin trusted or not? What’s the trust model? Untrusted user vs. subverted account vs. trusted
                * David: Let’s separate “subverted admin account” from “admin account user does bad things”. The former (subverted account) has a VERY strong countermeasure: MFAs. Let’s require MFA for trusted situations, that’s the most likely problem. The latter is a challenge to deal with, we don’t have to solve that today (indeed, maybe you just shouldn’t use that project in that case).
                * Adnan: We might want to consider insider threats outside of scope of this model, those are hard, perhaps should be their own thing.
            * How do we estimate trust?
                * In many ways, “what do others say about it” and “past behavior”. If it’s done well & nothing significant has changed, it’s probably lower risk than others.
            * Microsoft doesn’t have a centralized repo where it gets all OSS, and there’s no org that identifies “pre-approved” OSS. We do recommend that they store artifacts, e.g., in JFrog registration, to mitigate against left-pad attacks.
            * You can clone to internal
            * C/C++ registries: VCPKG & Conan. You can clone to internal location
            * There’s a big advantage of having a copy, stays available.
            * Note: We want this to be a universal document! C, C++, others. Local repo or not. Etc,
        * Can you share this redlined version?
            * Will upload PDF as-is to Slack.
            * David: I’ll create an issue that adds this PDF, so we can continue walking. Issue created here: https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/22

<h2>**2023-05-23 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Mike Lieberman (Kusari)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Tom Bedford (Bloomberg LP) - this seems to speak to our needs for a consumer-oriented framework
* Victor Lu (Independent)

Regrets:



* Adrian (at Microsoft Build conference)

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* David A. Wheeler (please help!)

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New Friends!
    * Victor Lu
    * Tom Bedford
* Post OSSNA summary
    * We received some questions about the threat matrix. Are they highlighted enough?
    * Had questions about S2C2F & SLSA. “S2C2F is a security framework - if that’s not clear, need to make it clear”
* David: Now that we have SLSA 1.0, how can we do the crosswalk to ensure no conflict (none expected) & address unnecessary differences. Perhaps where there’s overlap, make in clear that “this S2C2F requirement Y is met by SLSA 1.0 requirement X” or something like that. This is being tracked by issue 14: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/14](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/14)
* In the future, do we want to discuss other issues, e.g., [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues)
* Issue 16 - [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/16](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/16) - commenter is concerned the mitigation doesn’t seem to counter the claimed problem

<h2>**2023-05-09 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* 

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Post RSA summary
    * Slides: 
* Submitted PR to Guide to Security Tools
    * [Update guide.md by adriandiglio · Pull Request #52 · ossf/wg-security-tooling (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/pull/52)
* Submitted PR to add new requirement to address author impersonation [Attackers are starting to target .NET developers with malicious-code NuGet packages | JFrog](https://jfrog.com/blog/attackers-are-starting-to-target-net-developers-with-malicious-code-nuget-packages/)
    * [Update framework.md by adriandiglio · Pull Request #20 · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/pull/20)

<h2>**2023-04-11 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Jay White (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Positioning meeting this morning - things are wrapping up with first sprint of SLSA
    * FYI: SLSA version 1.0 is about to be released (expected April 19, build track only levels 1-3). This will make it easier to coordinate SLSA & S2C2F, since we’ll have a 1.0 version to compare to.
    * Have agreed on a shift to S2C2F, so those people will shift over to S2C2F for a bit to get this moving along.
* S2C2F Explanatory Report, ISO submission
    * In full swing. Will have some working meetings.
    * We have a very early draft, rough, thanks to Jasmine for getting that started. Let’s slide it over to a Google doc.
    * [S2C2F Explanatory Report ISO Submission - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10zaReabMvX_Zw90hOW2TIXrOGEkBvLzniPAT3VUalcg/edit)
* RSA - very close
    * Canceling S2C2F SIG meeting on April 25th 
* Also Microsoft Build in May - sharing S2C2F
* Also, Open Summit North America
* [Issues · ossf/s2c2f (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues)
    * JFrog: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17) ,  JFrog article on new attack types seen on NuGet, and assess against our list of mitigations today
        * After discussion, this should be a SEPARATE requirement (at least for audit). Using “and” in a requirement is generally bad practice per Adrian & David A. Wheeler - if it’s important, it’s easy to forget checking the “and”
        * Counter name confusion of origin (author and/or organization)
        * Could be an “audit” entry check.
        * How do we do that check?
            * Start with the “safe” version, then verify that the “others” are the same. E.g., go to the website of the author/organization first where you know it’s the right one. Otherwise the “others” can fool people by looking the same.
            * How do we scale? David: I think this is one-short per added dependency.
    * 
* Also: Training stuff - governing board is reviewing training proposal funding (Stream 1 of mobilization plan) - not clear if that has anything S2C2F specific, but related
* S2C2F training
    * Can embed in existing material (SKF/Foundations) or create own. If it’s small, consider embedding in existing.
    * LF Training & Certification can do things, you don’t *have* to use them but it often helps.
    * Training probably after formal release
    * Rough draft outline for putting together a S2C2F training course on SKF https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TftXxcDenkTeAdvBbCgTNF3NXP0VNyAT0c3vG8JZ7qU/edit#heading=h.v71dl8nz8wi4
* 

<h2>**2023-03-28 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Jay White (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Explanatory Report
* RSA
* OS Summit

<h2>**2023-03-28 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Tim Pepper (VMware)
* John Kjell (VMware)
* Sanket Naik (Palosade)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Security Tools WG approved request to add a new category of tool to the Guide for Security Tools [Suggestion: Add a new section to the "Guide to Security Tools" to cover tools that improve MTTR for OSS vulnerabilities · Issue #48 · ossf/wg-security-tooling (github.com)](https://github.com/ossf/wg-security-tooling/issues/48)
* RSA slides are final today
    * Have positive reviewer feedback
    * Conf is Mon, Apr 24, 2023 – Thu, Apr 27, 2023
* Issue triage:
    * New [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/16](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/16) 
* Recent article [https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/new-attack-vector-observed-targeting-net-developers-in-a-software-supply-chain-attack-c28bfe4decd2](https://medium.com/checkmarx-security/new-attack-vector-observed-targeting-net-developers-in-a-software-supply-chain-attack-c28bfe4decd2) highlights a new-ish type of threat, which might not be fully addressed in s2c2f.  Instead of typo-squating a project or package, they’re typo-squating a human maintainer.  New [issue](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues/17) to track.

<h2>**2023-03-14 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Randall T. Vasquez (SKF/Gentoo)
* Glenn ten Cate (SKF)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Kris K (Google)
* Jonathan Leitschuh

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* S2C2F Course Outline for SKF [S2C2F Course Outline for SKF - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TftXxcDenkTeAdvBbCgTNF3NXP0VNyAT0c3vG8JZ7qU/edit#)
* We now have a folder on the OpenSSF Google Drive [S2C2F Sig - Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1asz0ZlUPnp7lMXjxO4v5dDBSTJr0IQtI)
* Outstanding Issues [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/issues) 

<h2>**2023-02-28 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Jay White (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)

Regrets:



* Adrian Diglio

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* 
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New spec format - Propose funding for ISO format edits
    * Should double-check that the format is (or similar to) ISO format
* Could ask for funding from TAC/GB
* SCI Positioning SIG - Formerly SLSA Positioning to include S2C2F and FRSCA
* Broadening, how they’re working together.
* Sharing S2C2F was discussed in the opensourcesecurity podcast [Episode 363 – Joylynn Kirui from Microsoft on DevSecOps – Open Source Security](https://opensourcesecurity.io/2023/02/19/episode-363-joylynn-kirui-from-microsoft-on-devsecops/)
* - Inclusion of S2C2F in the SKF??
    * Discussing creating training modules for S2C2F. Maybe 8 hours? Talked with Tim S.
* David: Let’s cross-compare with SLSA first (build part levels 1-3 draft 1.0 out)
* - Inclusion of S2C2F OSS patching tools into the Security Tooling WG Guide (Sarah Evans)
* Maybe get time around OpenSSF Day. Perhaps 8 hour training time.

<h2>**2023-02-14 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>


<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Arnaud J Le Hors (IBM)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* Eric Tice (Wipro)
* Avishay Balter (Microsoft)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* New spec format
    * Making it adopt a proper format for eventual industry standard adoption
    * ISO format, to make ISO happy
    * It’s harder to do from one to another.
    * Current plan: Want to merge inside the GitHub repo. We’ll try to create any issues, etc., in markdown. If it’s too hard, then we’ll have to start maintaining in parallel. We want to maximize the opportunity to discuss & propose changes to it.
    * The ISO specification needs to not include names of specific tools, etc. The ISO spec needs to be “side by side”. Maybe have 2 documents?
    * David: Try to avoid parallel maintenance. If you must, it works if if it is JUST formatting, don’t have CONTENT difference. Different content can go into a different appendix or different document.
    * Arnaud: One must win.
    * Basically, the typical result is an “ISO formatted” specification and another spec that has exactly the same contents. This was done by SPDX, Ada programming language, Common Criteria, etc.
    * For now, we’re going to move to making the Google docs version the official version.
    * [S2C2F - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AxY5e9kNRwFYbxT3969gO8BYjXBLJWGOLqGlP3LUEn4/edit) - this is where we’ll work on it for now. We’ll need to take steps to make it look more like an ISO document. Need to ensure there are ties/bridges to other things, e.g., OpenSSF.
    * Terms & definitions: They need to be uniform across OpenSSF & really common in industry. Let’s discuss things when definitions disagree. One language (where we can).
    * David: Let’s move stuff that doesn’t belong in an ISO spec but DOES belong into an appendix. Then the information isn’t lost.
* Adrian to follow up with Jennifer Bly ([jbly@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:jbly@linuxfoundation.org)) to get OpenSSF branding/logos to include in RSA talk
* Panel Discussion at upcoming conference with SLSA, S2C2F
* OpenSSF Day and Town Hall is coming up. We can submit a CFP
    * Opportunity to highlight what we’re doing across the entire Supply Chain Integrity WG.
* Looking for adopters!
    * Eric is at Wipro (a consultant company), and would be mostly recommending these to their clients and internal development teams to help improve our products and solutions security posture.
* David: We need to do a cross-comparison with SLSA. I’ve asked someone else (Jordan Harband) to try to do that. It’s okay if one says something that the other doesn’t, but if there’s a _conflict_ we should know & discuss.
* Can/Should OpenSSF host a landing page for “Supply Chain Security” all-up, so that it shows how SLSA, S2C2F, and FRSCA fit together?

<h2>**2023-01-31 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>  

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)


:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Alexandre Nicastro (Nikas)
* Rusydy Muhiddin (KoinworksSoftware engineer)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Announcing RSA session in April to share the S2C2F
    * April 26th at 8:30 am. 50 minute session.
    * Checking with RSA liaison about changing the title of the S2C2F session
    * Great opportunity for us to spread awareness about how the S2C2F can be adopted by any team or organization to secure how they consume dependencies into the development workflow
* Review Strategy for S2C2F within the OpenSSF
    * 
* Spec reformatting 
    * Did initial formatting in MS Word. Will convert over to Markdown.
    * Will show up as an Issue and Pull Request in the near future
* CISA primer
    * 10 minute presentation, takes place before RSA session
    * They are looking for potential things to adopt
    * Government visibility
* Engaged and working with NSA Enduring Security Framework
    * [Enduring Security Framework ESF (nsa.gov)](https://www.nsa.gov/About/Cybersecurity-Collaboration-Center/Cybersecurity-Partnerships/ESF/) Will eventually be available here
* Open Topics?

<h2>**2022-12-13 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)


:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Jeff (Sonatype)
* Issac Hepworth (Google)
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* William (Bill) Tworek (IBM)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype, GB)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Review Strategy for S2C2F within the OpenSSF
    * 
* Request for a S2C2F Goose icon that looks like R2D2
* Open Topics?

<h2>**2022-11-29 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)


:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* X
* Y

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

Agenda:



* Blog Post went on Nov 16, as planned
    * [https://openssf.org/blog/2022/11/16/openssf-expands-supply-chain-integrity-efforts-with-s2c2f/](https://openssf.org/blog/2022/11/16/openssf-expands-supply-chain-integrity-efforts-with-s2c2f/)
    * 

<h2>**2022-11-15 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)


:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Brian Fox (Sonatype)
* Avishay Balter (Microsoft)
* Randall
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Isaac Hepworth (Google)
* Alfred Tom (Lumian/SunSpec)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* Blog Post - alignment on timing (Nov 16)
    * David: Jay needs to approve the final draft blog post. I think it’s ready for release tomorrow!
    * Goal is to let people know about S2C2F, which may add more participants too.
* We walked through the blog post & resolves all changes.
* There were some small governance tweaks, etc.
* Added reference implementations [s2c2f/README.md at main · ossf/s2c2f · GitHub](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
* [PDF vs. Markdown?](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [Currently the PDF isn’t auto-generated, so it goes out of date](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [Currently we update the markdown, and eventually update the PDF](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [Randall: Some groups create PDFs as “releases”. I do know how to generate PDFs from markdown using GitHub Actions. I’ll fork and play around.](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
* [David: It’s not an OpenSSF project requirement, but OpenSSF Scorecards encourages the use of protected branches. Can we enable protected branches in <https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f>](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [All agreed & gave David permission to do it](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [David implemented it - now it has protected branches](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
* [Operational issues? Email: operations@openssf.org](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
* [Randall: I know it’s premature, but what about distributing this with the rest of our educational materials?](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [Large markdown files are difficult to ingest if some sections are really large with no subsections](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [Create many named sections/subsections with names](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [David: If page doesn’t have a section name, consider adding one. That helps create signposts so readers “know where they are” in a complicated technical document.](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [David: Generally we modify educational materials after they reach “1.0” - that way people can refine, update, etc.](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
    * [SKF, Fundamentals](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)
* [What about conectino to “Guide to Evaluating OSS” https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Concise-Guide-for-Evaluating-Open-Source-Software.md#readme](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/Reference_implementation/README.md)

<h2>**2022-11-01 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)

:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Isaac Hepworth (Google)
* Randall T. Vasquez (Gentoo)
* Avishay Balterr (Microsoft)
* Alasdair Nottingham (IBM)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* David A. Wheeler

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* Blog Post - alignment on timing (Nov 16)
    * David: I suggest talking with Jennifer Bly [jbly@linuxfoundation.org](mailto:jbly@linuxfoundation.org). We need a final draft we can send to at least the TAC before release so they can respond if there’s an issue. (They typically don’t object to proposed posts, since we try to give them good stuff to start with, but we need to make sure that they can review & have an opportunity to raise an issue.)
    * Jay: Will do, with planned release date of Nov 16.
* Specification meeting breakout
    * David: We might want to discuss positioning more first, to address that & then it’ll be easier to specify
    * Jay: We’ve been interacting with the SLSA Positioning WG, so we’ve already had good meetings & made progress.
    * Jay: There are other things we’ll need to do, e.g., review licensing to make sure we’re going the right way. I can see focusing meetings on one and then the other.
    * David: Should I try to have someone give a presentation on the LF processes for creating standards?
    * Jay: We’re already talking with Jory Burson (VP Standards), it might be good to have a presentation but we’re already working together on this.
* E.g., there are some cleanup activities we need to do to work out the Community Specification work.
* Repo updates
* Spec review
    * Jay: I know some people have reviewed it.
    * David: I reviewed, I could send individually, but if I send them as issues then people can comment
    * Jay: Issues sound great.
* David: Okay, I’ll send my comments as GitHub issues.

<h2>**2022-10-18 S2C2F SIG Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join:[https://zoom.us/j/99498377871](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871)


:  [S2C2F SIG Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/99498377871) 

Materials: [https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* Isaac Hepworth (Google)
* Jason Lutz (Chainguard)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Avishay Balter (Microsoft)
* B. Ganti (Microsoft)
* Azeem ()
* David Tesar (Microsoft)
* Avishay Balter (Microsoft)
* Aeva Black (Microsoft)
* Toddy (Microsoft)
* 

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the S2C2 Framework?



* See [Maintaining the S2C2F Specification](https://github.com/ossf/s2c2f/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* Secure Supply Chain Consumption Framework (S2C2F) SIG Initiation
    * Meeting cadence (proposing 2x / month)
        * Agreed on doing bi-weekly on Tuesdays at 12:00 Pacific
    * Blog announcement
* SLSA and S2C2F within OpenSSF
    * Working on bridging the two frameworks while they serve their clear intended purposes
    * Vision: Have a -1, -2, and -3 single ISO standard for securing the supply chain
        * What to name this conjoined framework? Let’s have a discussion with the larger conglomerate (not within this meeting)
        * Suggestion: Have SLSA Positioning meeting be renamed and up-leveled to be Supply Chain Integrity/Security Positioning meeting.
* Pursuing ISO Standardization
    * Maintaining the most current version of the specification within OpenSSF
    * There will be another name/number under ISO
    * Another parallel/example is SPDX. There is a path to get approval to make this available as a Standard
    * Having conversations with the precursor to pursue ISO standardization
* Changes merged to address multiple previous Issues
* Issue #11
    * No objections, moving forward with making the change.
* Need to reach out to OpenSSF Ops on logistics of moving the repo into OpenSSF
* Other topics?

<h2>**2022-09-26 OSS SSC Framework Technical Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join: [https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09)


:  [OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09) 

Materials: [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Mike Lieberman (Kusari)
* David Tesar (Microsoft)
* Randall T. Vasquez (Gentoo)
* Roy Williams (Microsoft)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the OSS SSC Framework?



* See [Maintaining the OSS SSC Framework Specification](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* Look at the GitLab Recommended Implementation Guide 
* Discussed the nuances of language packages vs. Linux system packages vs. containers
* 

<h2>**2022-09-20 OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join: [https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09)


:  [OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09) 

Materials: [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Jay White (Microsoft)
* Avishay Balter (Microsoft)
* B. Ganti (Microsoft)
* Aaron Bacchi (Verizon)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* David Tesar (Microsoft)
* Isaac Hepworth (Google)
* Alasdair Nottingham (IBM)
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation)
* Joe Bussell (Microsoft)

Regrets:



* Crob (Intel)

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* 

Want to contribute to the OSS SSC Framework?



* See [Maintaining the OSS SSC Framework Specification](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* Opening Statements by Jay about potential/upcoming contribution to OpenSSF
    * Where in the OpenSSF shall this go? We have presented this to Best Practices WG, Supply Chain Integrity WG, and End Users WG. 
    * TAC can adjudicate things, but would like us to first work through it on our own, and only escalate if there is an issue.
    * David: Suggests the Supply Chain Integrity WG, keeps it with SLSA & that might help ensure they integrate together better. 
    * Idea of an “enterprise” WG? Does any WG have other activities that align with this customer base? Restructure of WG is being discussed in the TAC, but we shouldn’t delay the OSS SSC Framework’s contribution here.
    * Vote within meeting: majority believed SSC should first propose to be part of the Supply Chain Integrity WG. That said, End Users is quite plausible, & there’s an argument for Best Practices
    * “I think it will thrive wherever it ends up”
* Access Control of Google Doc - provide a comment link (instead of edit link). Create a group and add people to group
* Proposal: Ensure that it’s clear that not all projects will want to be the top level & you may want a mix of levels (e.g., level 2 for some criteria, 3 for others). Potentially add more clarification around Level 4 being aspirational in most cases
    * [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/issues/9](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/issues/9)
* Review and Triage Issues: [Issues · microsoft/oss-ssc-framework (github.com)](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/issues)
    * OSCAL - note relationship with SLSA too: [https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/issues/478](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa/issues/478)
* Currently they edit in markdown & then occasionally generate PDF
    * They could auto-generated
* Feedback from NIST NCCoE presentation was to map it to [Software Security Framework | BSIMM](https://www.bsimm.com/framework.html)
* Would the OSS SSC Framework create example “attestations” of conformance?
    * Let’s look into OSCAL, and request OSCAL member to come present
* Other topics?

<h2>**2022-08-29 OSS SSC Framework Technical Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join: [https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09)


:  [OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09) 

Materials: [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Crob (Intel)
* Joe Bussell (Microsoft) - Lead in Windows Engineering System
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft)
* B. Ganti - 
* Toddy

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* 
* 

Want to contribute to the OSS SSC Framework?



* See [Maintaining the OSS SSC Framework Specification](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* First pass at a Reference implementation on GitHub [Reference Implementation of OSS SSC Framework - Google Docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1De8elgq5EC1bG8DIIbISnCv12zrPDyPcBudurvCbjOI/edit#)

<h2>**2022-08-16 OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting**</h2>

Type: Working Session


Join: [https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09)

:  [OSS SSC Framework Community Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/98482103886?pwd=cENwUmxGcWJOY0VMTTc4NUlHVDlXdz09) 

Materials: [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework)

<h3>General Notes</h3>




* **Please add yourself to the attendance list (below) if you plan to attend, or have just joined the meeting.**
* If you’re a new member or if you have an update, please just provide your name. The facilitator will invite you to speak during the check-in phase of the meeting.
    * E.g. 	Jane Doe.
* If you do not wish to be called on during the check-in, please put “(no update)”, minus the quotes, to the right of your name.
    * E.g.	John Doe (no update).

<h3>Attendance</h3>


_Include org_



* Adrian Diglio (Microsoft) - leads secure software supply chain team, main contributors to this framework that we’ve published that we use to secure ourselves
* Jay White (Microsoft) - working to bring this into the open.
* VM (Vicky) Brasseur (Wipro) - Director of Open Source Strategy at Wipro.
* Randall T. Vasquez (Gentoo/Homebrew)
* CRob (Intel, OpenSSF TAC, OpenSSF Best Practices WG co-lead)
* Sarah Novotny (Microsoft, LF Board Member, leads OSS strategy for Microsoft)
* Steven Murawski (Microsoft) - Cloud Native advocacy team, in OpenSSF best practices WG
* David A. Wheeler (Linux Foundation) - Director of Open Source Supply Chain Security
* Aeva Black (Microsoft, OpenSSF TAC)
* Peter Singh (“Fuzzy”) (AstroTech)
* B. Ganti (Microsoft - CISO representative securing Azure / Azure DevOps)
* David Tesar (Microsoft - Product Manager OSS - Secure supply chain)
* Toddy Mladenov (Microsoft - secure supply chain for Containers for 1P services)
* Varun Badhwar - Founder of Endor Labs
* Johnson Shi - (Microsoft Azure Container Registry - Secure Supply Chain for Containers)
* Michael Scovetta (Microsoft - OpenSSF)
* Jasmine Wang (Microsoft - Secure Supply Chain Team)
* Isaac Hepworth (Google) - software supply chain and OpenSSF

Regrets:



* 

Facilitator(s): 



* Adrian Diglio
* Jay White

Scribe(s): 



* 
* 

Want to contribute to the OSS SSC Framework?



* See [Maintaining the OSS SSC Framework Specification](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/README.md) 

<h3>Agenda</h3>


Agenda:



* First meeting, intros + welcome!
* Overview
    * The current spec is available in Markdown format
    * Overall: [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework)
    * Markdown - [https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/framework.md](https://github.com/microsoft/oss-ssc-framework/blob/main/specification/framework.md) 
    * 
* Bookkeeping
    * Meeting Cadence (monthly)
        * Community meeting is to provide a forum to share news and listen to feedback from the community about the spec
        * Technical meetings are to discuss inclusion of recommended tools and technical nature of the spec
    * Is this meeting open?
        * **Yes, open to all**
* Technical Vision for the OSS SSC Framework
    * What is the best home for this? Encourage us to present to the best practices working group in a single meeting with multiple stakeholders from different OpenSSF working groups
        * Vicky is responsible for a working group on end-user-focused consumption of open source. There is prior art in CNCF and OpenStack
        * CRob will help setup 1 meeting to present framework to multiple WGs
        * Send spec and RFR to Best Practices WG for their review
